
=pod

=head1 NAME

NomNom - The graphical video download tool

=head1 DESCRIPTION

NomNom is an application for downloading videos from Youtube and other similar
video websites that require Adobe Flash to view the video content. Video
streaming or downloading can be started simply by dropping an URL onto the
application window.

NomNom relies on a number of different other programs: C<quvi(1)> to parse
the video links, C<curl(1)> to download the videos, and a media streaming
capable player software, such as C<vlc(1)>, to stream the media. NomNom is
written in C++ to use the Qt framework.

The name of the application refers to the sound effect that is made when
eating something tasty or nutritious.

=head1 GETTING STARTED

  * Right-click on the window to open the context-menu

  * Check the configuration (Preferences, Ctrl+E)

    - Check the paths to quvi(1), curl(1) and player (e.g. vlc(1))

      The default values should work on most systems out of the box.
      Make any changes you see necessary.

  * Drag and drop video page URLs from, for example, your web browser.
  This starts the download (or streaming if selected).

  * You can make NomNom stay on top of other windows (Preferences / Other).
  This will make it easier to use NomNom if you have limited screen space.

  * Nomnom resumes file transfers by default (determined by the curl command
  in the Preferences). Check "Overwrite" in the context menu if you want to
  overwrite the existing files.

=head1 FILES

=over 4

=item Application settings

The location where the application settings are depends on the platform.
Open the Preferences dialog to see the path to the config file. On a
typical Unix-like system, the path is typically one of the following:

  ~/.config/NomNom/NomNom.conf
  /etc/xdg/NomNom/NomNom.conf
  /etc/xdg/NomNom.conf
  /etc/NomNom.conf

NomNom uses the QSettings class to save the application settings, please
see the following links for the technical details:
  <http://doc.trolltech.com/4.7/qsettings.html>
  <http://doc.trolltech.com/4.7/qsettings.html#platform-specific-notes>

=back

=head1 WWW

  <http://nomnom.sourceforge.net/>
  <http://repo.or.cz/w/nomnom.git>

=cut
